# [DRAFT] Fuel Wallet Terms Of

## Use Agreement

## The Fuel Wallet

The “Fuel Wallet” is a software application developed by [FILL IN NAME OF
ENTITY] (“Fuel” or “we”) for the purpose of managing private-public key pairs,
blockchain addresses, and other data connected to user-controlled wallets. This
agreement is between you and Fuel.
The Fuel Wallet interacts with a single blockchain network: the “Fuel Network”,
an execution layer for modular blockchains.

## License To Use

Provided that you abide by the terms of this agreement, Fuel grants to you a
personal, non-revocable, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable, worldwide license to
use the Fuel Wallet.

## Eligibility To Use

You acknowledge that you meet the following requirements to use the Fuel
Wallet:
A. age of majority in your jurisdiction; and,
B. intend to use the Fuel Wallet for your own personal use and not for the
benefit of a third-party; and,
C. understand the nature of the Fuel Network; and,
D. intend to use the Fuel Wallet for development purposes only; and,
E. capable of securing your digital device(s) that are for use with the Fuel
Wallet; and,
F. not subject to sanctions by the government of the British Virgin Islands or the
United Nations.

If at any time time you are no longer eligible to use the Fuel Wallet, according to
the above criteria, then you must discontinue using the Fuel Wallet.

## Developer-Use Only: Non-Financial Transactions

The Fuel Network does not currently support sending or receiving valuable
cryptocurrency or any form of blockchain token that can be used to transfer value to
another person. You should only use the Fuel Wallet if you understand that it is for
testing the Fuel Network, and not for sending or receiving value.
Please take care while using the Fuel Wallet to ensure that you do not attempt to
send valuable tokens (using third-party software) to an address generated by the Fuel
Wallet.

## App Store Additional Terms

You acknowledge that the Fuel Wallet is offered by Fuel and not by Apple,
Google, or any app store developer. Fuel is solely responsible for providing support for
the Apps, and for any product liability, infringement of third-party intellectual property
rights, failure to conform to laws or regulatory requirements, or any other failure of the
Fuel Wallet. Failure of the Fuel Wallet to conform to the warranties of this Agreement
shall entitle you to a refund of any amount paid to an app store.
The company (including any subsidiaries and affiliates) providing the app store
from which You obtain the Fuel Wallet. shall be considered a third-party beneficiary
under this agreement, and shall be entitled to enforce the terms of this agreement.
You agree to abide by the terms of any third-party agreements that govern your
interactions with the Fuel Wallet and an app store.

## Your Security: Backup Phrases

The Fuel Wallet makes use of an industry standard for “Backup Phrases” that
permits you to import a seed that can be used to generate private-public key pairs in a
deterministic manner. If you choose to import a Backup Phrase that you have used
with other wallet software, it is possible that this Backup Phrase could be linked to
cryptocurrency (that is not supported by the Fuel Wallet). You should take care to not
make use of a Backup Phrase that is linked to valuable blockchain assets, as a security
measure for your protection. Although the Fuel Wallet may be used with such Backup
Phrases (and there is no way for Fuel to determine the type of Backup Phrase you use),
we discourage this practice and encourage you to use a new Backup Phrase that is not
associated with valuable blockchain assets.

## Technical Support

You may obtain technical information or advice from Fuel if you are provided
with technical support that you have requested. You are not required to make use of
Fuel’s complimentary technical support, and Fuel may discontinue offering such
support to you (and anyone else) at any time. We do not charge a fee for technical
support.
If Fuel does provide you with technical support then you agree that any
information provided shall be without warranty of any kind and you are solely
responsible for any negative consequences that may occur as a result of
misunderstanding, misapplying, or even accurately following the instructions or
information provided by technical support. You agree to hold Fuel harmless against any
damages that occur, and you agree to indemnify Fuel against any third-party claims
made in relation to technical support that you obtain from Fuel.
Technical support from Fuel is not a substitute for retaining your own technical
expert.
Fuel will never instruct you to provide private keys, Backup Phrases, or any
other confidential information that should never leave your personal possession. We
urge you to be cautious when obtaining technical support from third parties, or from

people impersonating Fuel through online scams. Please take care to obtain technical
support through official channels only.

## Fuel Network Disclaimer

The Fuel Wallet is independent of the Fuel Network. If you use the Fuel Network
(or any other blockchain network) then you acknowledge that Fuel may not be able to
provide technical support or assist you with any issues that you encounter.

## API Disclaimer

The Fuel Wallet depends on backend services (APIs) that may not always
function correctly or be available. Although Fuel takes care to ensure continuous
operation of the Fuel Wallet, you should be aware that downtime may occur and
features may be updated which may cause technical issues. Fuel is not responsible for
any delays, errors, or problems that you may encounter due to service unavailability.

## Third Party Data and Pricing

The Fuel Wallet incorporates third-party data, such as price information, that
may not be reliable. You should always double-check any data that you receive through
the Fuel Wallet using independent sources. Fuel is not responsible for any errors,
whether due to display bugs or incorrect APIs (or any other cause) in relation to third-
party data displayed within the Fuel Wallet (even if not labelled as being “third-party
data”).

## No Warranty

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Fuel Wallet is provided on an “as-
is”, “as-available” basis.
The Fuel Wallet is provided to you without any warranty of any kind, to the
maximum extent permitted by law. The foregoing warranty disclaimer is applicable
without regard to the type of warranty, whether fitness for a specific purpose,
merchantability, or any other warranties imposed by law (whether common law, statute,
or any other source of law).

## Limitation Of Liability

Notwithstanding any term of this agreement, Fuel’s maximum liability to you
shall be limited to the greater of: a) the amount paid to Fuel for the Fuel Wallet
multiplied by fifty; or b) $500. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply in
aggregate, for all claims, no matter the cause or nature of your claim.
In no case shall Fuel be liable to you for special, incidental, punitive, or
consequential damages. Furthermore, you acknowledge that Fuel is not responsible for
any loss of digital assets (valuable or otherwise) that you may experience due to use or
misuse of the Fuel Wallet.

You acknowledge that the limitation of liability in this clause is an integral part of
this agreement and that Fuel could not offer the Fuel Wallet to you without your assent
to the terms of this clause.

## Indemnification

You shall indemnify Fuel and its contractors, officers, directors, affiliates, and
service providers against any claims brought by you (or by a third party in relation to
your use of the Fuel Wallet) for which the loss claimed for is partly or entirely caused by
your misuse of the Fuel Wallet or breach of this agreement.

## Feedback

You may use the Fuel Wallet without providing any feedback to Fuel. If you
provide any feedback in relation to the Fuel Wallet then you acknowledge that Fuel may
implement your idea, concept, or suggestion without any amounts being due to you.

## Telemetry

The Fuel Wallet makes use of industry-standard telemetry, which Fuel uses to
improve the product and ensure a quality experience for users. Fuel telemetry does not
include personally identifying information about you or other users. Fuel telemetry is
collected, processed, and used according to the Fuel Wallet Privacy Policy.

## Amendment

You may not amend this agreement. Fuel may amend this agreement by
providing you with at least five business days’ notice. If you disagree with any
proposed amendment to this agreement then your sole remedy shall be to cease using
the Fuel Wallet.

## Assignment

You may not assign this agreement. Fuel may assign this agreement as part of
the sale of all or substantially all of its business, or as part of a corporate restructuring.

## Binding Agreement

This contract is entered into between the parties electronically and is a binding
contract.

## Legal Notice

You may provide notice to Fuel by writing to:

## Choice Of Forum

Any disputes related to this agreement shall be heard in the courts of Toronto,
Ontario, Canada. You may not bring a claim in any other jurisdiction and agree to
promptly discontinue any actions pursued in any other jurisdiction.

## Governing Law

This agreement, and any disputes related to it, shall be governed by the laws of
Ontario, Canada.

## Severability

Any provision or clause of this agreement, if void, invalid, unlawful, or
unenforceable, shall be read down, or if it is not possible to do so while respecting the
intention of the parties, severed from this agreement (to the minimum extent
necessary).

## Entire Agreement

This is the entire agreement between the parties and it supersedes any other
understandings, agreements, or representations.
Each party mutually acknowledges that they have entered into this agreement
without relying on any document, representation, or information that is not expressly
provided for in this agreement.
